Fix: add examples to domain lock and domain capture (#2470)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/insomnia/enterprise-account-management.md

### Domain lock

Use domain lock to remove access to your Insomnia Enterprise account for existing hobby users and uninvited new users.

> To enable domain lock:
> - Navigate to your domain settings and click the toggle under **Lock**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable domain lock, navigate to your domain settings and click the toggle under **Lock**.
```
Specify how to get to domain settings. I couldn't find them. Are they in the app or the account settings?

When you enable domain lock on a specific domain, all users from that domain will no longer be able to access your organization's Insomnia Enterprise account. For example:

> - Kong configures domain lock on @oldkong.com: Ariel is an existing hobby user and wasn’t invited to the Enterprise account. Now, when Ariel@oldkong.com attempts to sign in to Insomnia with that address, she won't have access to the Enterprise account.
> - Kong configures domain lock on @DomainLockExample.com: George doesn't have an Insomnia account, but has an email address george@DomainLockExample.com. When George creates an Insomnia account, the domain lock blocks his sign-in, which means that he can't access the Insomnia Enterprise account or its features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Existing users without an Enterprise invite:** Ariel is an existing hobby user and wasn’t invited to the Enterprise account. Now, when `Ariel@oldkong.com` attempts to sign in to Insomnia with that address, she won't have access to the Enterprise account.
- **Users without an account, but with a matching email domain:** George doesn't have an Insomnia account, but has an email address `george@DomainLockExample.com`. When George creates an Insomnia account, the domain lock blocks his sign-in, which means that he can't access the Insomnia Enterprise account or its features.

```
Reframed this so it's about what's happening vs. the different domains. Also, the space at the end should get the info note to render correctly.

To enable domain lock:
- Navigate to your domain settings and click the toggle under **Lock**.

When you enable domain lock on a specific domain, all users from that domain will no longer be able to access your organization's Insomnia Enterprise account. For example:
- Kong configures domain lock on @oldkong.com: Jane is an existing hobby user and wasn’t invited to the Enterprise account. Now, when JaneHobby@oldkong.com attempts to sign in to Insomnia with that address; she can’t access the Enterprise account.
- Kong configures domain lock on @DomainLockExample.com: George doesn't have an Insomnia account, but has an email address george@DomainLockExample.com. When George creates an Insomnia account, the domain lock blocks his sign-in, which means that he can't access the Insomnia Enterprise account or its features.
{:.info}
> If you enable both domain capture and domain lock on the same verified domain in Insomnia, then domain capture takes priority for new sign-ups and overrides domain lock.

### Invite control
Use invite control to specify which domains can receive invitations to your Enterprise organizations.

To configure invite control: 

> - Navigate to [**Enterprise Controls** > **Invites**](https://app.insomnia.rest/app/enterprise/invite) and define the rules to apply to your organizations.

Author: Waiting on confirmation, but I believe the entire H3 should be removed.

> - Navigate to [**Enterprise Controls** > **Invites**](https://app.insomnia.rest/app/enterprise/invite) and define the rules to apply to your organizations.

Author: It is indeed a permission thing regarding the link. You must be an owner.
